It's not enough for you to court death yourself
Do you still want to take us all with you?
You bastard
Why don't you kneel down and apologize to Lord Mo Huang?
Otherwise, none of us can escape
Apologize to him
He is also matched by Wu Jian Xiao Mo
The deity knows that the mandala flower is in your hands
I will give you five sucks.
Hand over the mandala flower
This deity will spare you from death
i
Courting death
Except for being planted in Yechen's hands
No one has ever dared to be so arrogant in front of this seat
Go and see who it is
He is so noisy in front of this seat
Deceiving my emperor is a young man
teenager
I want to see how brave he is
four
It's him. How many thousands of years have passed?
He is still alive
3 hey
Doctor I beg you
Stop shouting, okay?
Do you want us all to die?
2 hey
You can sing
It's okay if one wants to die
Do you think that the old man and the saint were buried together?
This old man will kill you
Stop
This is the voice of the Demon Emperor
Count you
Mandala flowers mean a lot to me
Can you give me some more time to think about it?
Lord Huang actually compromised
Is it still the Swordless Demon Emperor named Huai Lu?
You should know.
The things you like have never been there, have you?
Lord Demon Emperor
This kid is just a cultivator practicing seven cavalry
Daughter of the Black God
What the hell do you know?
When he killed the nine heavenly realms and was drunk for nine days
I'm just a little devil in the world
It's just a disciple of one of his seats
What!